hey ok so today I'm doing a video on
things that I love for the months of
March so far and i have a few products i
love them so much oh my god especially
the snail polish i'm wearing it's from
china glaze and it's in harmony to
really pretty i absolutely love it the
best thing I don't know I think Kenny
really into purple lately so I'm like
obsessed with this purple right now I
also left the blue one right here it's
got like an aqua color it's actually
called aqua baby and salta by tryna
glaze oh my god face a few days to go
for 399 at Ulta um seconds this is
lipstick by Rimmel and i love the
lipsticks from them they're so gorgeous
i think i'm gonna start collecting all
the colors from there but it's a really
pretty color did you can tell and they
smell really good too so they don't I
mean you're gonna like the smell it's
not like a strong smell smells really
good pitch comb type of thing right here
and this one you can buy it at Ulta they
were like a dollar a dollar fifty
something like that really inexpensive
and what I like about it is that it's
super pointy usually that when i use is
like all plastic even though the keys
and everything they're plastic so the
good thing about this one is that it's
super pointed here and you can actually
really get and create the size and you
know like if you're gonna do a six egg
you're easily doing and stuff like that
so i really like this one too and it has
like plastic on the bristles you can
tell and it has like little teeth at the
bottom also so that's really really nice
scent really like a calyx blue on the
camera but it's really dark purple don't
work baby purple i really really want
get the hair products too late this is
one of my favorite eye shadows for this
month
and it's called bright pink this is by
scandalous cosmetics I went to the one
in lynnwood when I bought this one and
it's a really pretty glittery it's
glitter it's not really shimmer cuz it's
a little chunkier but I mean it's not
chunky chunky glitter but it's really
pretty it looks thick but seriously it's
super smooth and bright and this was $14
and I got it at the one in lynnwood in
LA so check them out I also got the
scandalous Guinness yeah the base paint
the base shadow base it's just a clear
you know I mean I'm sorry Oh what's
gonna with me this is just um light like
a whitish one and I look like today when
I'm wearing just purple yellow I just
did it for fun but I didn't wear this
one out but the colors they really show
up really bright anyways this is my
second my other favorite product um
cause big sexy hair root pump plus so
it's for your roof to give it a list and
just to give it volume the Paris really
flat I really recommend it this really
works what I do I used it after i get
out the shower um I usually never blow
dry my hair but what I'm gonna do with
that I just blow dry the top section and
then I'll just air dry the bottom part
but I usually just do right here and
it's not like a spray moves type of
thing you can see the like a little fun
really really recommend it um you girls
should check it out if you get a chance
if not that's cool too but you know I
really really recommend it so if you
have flat hair is perfect for you I
bedrich sakai summer hair Sun bandana so
pretty much if you're you know spring is
coming up summers coming up and stuff
like that it's gonna be really hot so I
really recommend this product so you can
protect you her against like damage any
burn and stuff like that you know from
the UV rays from the Sun so if you guys
are really cautious about if you have
hair damage and stuff you
want to damage your hair a lot this one
this was like twenty seven dollars it
was a little expensive but well worth it
i'm telling you i don't crazy buying
products like that because i don't know
i just really don't but this one is
whipped i don't know i just love it
almost ready now because i've been using
it like crazy it smells so good to like
seriously I've never smelled anything
that's good it smells like when you go
tanning you know the tanning lotion not
all little bit like when you go to a
tanning salon it smells really good in
there that's how this one smells so
check out my blog also because I've been
updating and doing all kind of crazy
stuff to it so I'm really getting the
hang of it cuz usually well before I
don't know how to mess with my blog and
make it pretty I still don't know if you
guys know and I don't know if you guys
know how to make it all pretty and
decorative and and stuff like that let
me know because I all I'm doing is just
editing I don't know how to edit my blog
all these pictures all the products are
going to be my blog ass picture so check
it out thanks for taking your time to
watch my videos and don't forget a
chicken my blog all right love you bye